So far, we used pipelines to change transformations,
and an estimator together to define a clear sequence for our workflow.
But what if we want to engineer a feature from
the dataset while simultaneously engineering another feature?
For example, if we wanted to extract
both TFIDF and the number of characters text length for each document,
in this case, we would use feature unions.
Feature union is another class in Scikit-learn's Pipeline module that allows us
to perform steps in parallel and take the union of the results for the next step.
In other words, add the resulting features from
both steps to the data before moving on to the next step.
If you imagine pipeline to be a linear sequence of data transformations,
a feature union would add two sequences of transformations in parallel, like this.
Both TFIDF and text length are run after the load step,
and their results are combined with the original set
of features to be used in the next step.
In more complex workflows,
multiple feature unions are often used within pipelines,
and multiple pipelines are used within feature unions.
Let's take a look at an example.